well the progression of the stem careers through the decades is pretty
hard to stomach when you're just starting out to some degree of maybe
a little daunting but let's let's I give you what I've experienced
over the years when you start out in stem you're gonna probably start
out relying a lot of the skills you learned in high school junior
college bachelor level college master's degree or PhD where do you
come into the process and a lot of those skills you use every day you
know like a programming skill if you're doing programming or mathematical
analysis of some kind and you do that a lot but you probably
spend maybe a quarter of your day writings English one kind or another
but very soon you're going to find maybe just after a few years
you're spending half your day writing English and only and the other
half doing code and by the time you get to be more and more senior
you gonna spend more and more time writing so there is a secret there
if you can advance in the stem fields you better get good at writing
good concise believable compelling English people can read and they'll
go along with what you're trying to get him to go along with
good materials you're giving so that's how it progresses you start out
doing the technical work than you do more and more reporting and
management until the very end and then some of the guys I know spent
eighty percent of their time writing English one way or the other are
preparing lectures or something of that nature